Add details about required scopes for Self-Hosted Runner (#15977)
github/docs: content/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/autoscaling-with-self-hosted-runners.md

- For private repositories, use an access token with the [`repo` scope](/apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/#available-scopes).
- For public repositories, use an access token with the [`public_repo` scope](/apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/#available-scopes).

> - For organizations, use an access token with the [`admin:org` scope](/rest/reference/actions#get-a-self-hosted-runner-for-an-organization).

Reviewer: Just making the link go to the scopes page, rather than link to a single API operation (the scopes page better describes what `admin:org` entails.)

```suggestion
- For organizations, use an access token with the [`admin:org` scope](/apps/building-oauth-apps/understanding-scopes-for-oauth-apps/#available-scopes).
```
